# Abstract

This small `pygame` based application is ment to be
an [abstract film](https://niuitmo-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/sabitovkirill_niuitmo_ru/Ef__B05ibM9Alz-W_ItLunMBQAmrRLcd4N3jLtRN23PC-g?e=S1VLpr),
called "Life".
It was created (mainly for the sake of getting points, but showing philosophical reflections is also quite interesting)
in less than one English class.

# Description

As the curtains draw back and the lights dim, an enigmatic world emerges on screen. Arthouse Film presents a mesmerizing
display of colorful rectangles, pulsating and shifting in a hypnotic rhythm that defies explanation. At first glance,
this experimental masterpiece may appear chaotic and meaningless, but as we delve deeper into its infinite interlocking
patterns, we begin to see new connections emerge.

Arthouse Film becomes a reflection of our modern world, where the elusive nature of meaning and interpretation often
challenges our existence. The rectangles, like pieces of a puzzle, fit together in an abstract tapestry of motion,
defying conventional logic and order. In this sense, the rectangles symbolize the puzzle pieces of our lives,
representing aspects of our existence that we sometimes struggle to understand and define.

However, while the film presents a seemingly random juxtaposition of colors, it also creates a deeper visual language,
where color represents a symbolic meaning. The vibrant reds depict passion and anger, while the rich blues indicate
stillness and intellect. The green represents growth and harmony, and the yellow alludes to warmth and joy. Together,
these colors create a rich visual vocabulary that the film uses to express human emotions and experiences.

At its core, Arthouse Film is about the act of interpretation, and how each viewer brings their own perceptions and
experiences to the film. As we watch the rectangles move and shift in complex and unpredictable ways, we are challenged
to question our assumptions and beliefs, and see the world in a new light. This film invites viewers to take a more
active role in their understanding and interpretation of the world, recognizing that meaning can be subjective and
varied.

In addition to this, Arthouse Film also brings forth an essential aspect of our being and existence as humans. It
reminds us that we are part of a larger system that is in constant flux, where meanings and interpretations are not
fixed, but rather dynamic and evolving. Moreover, the film suggests that all human experiences are interconnected, and
that our understanding of the world around us is constantly shaped by the patterns and relationships that exist within
it.

In conclusion, Arthouse Film is a magnificent piece of abstract cinema that challenges us to see the world in a new
light. Its infinite interlocking patterns and chaotic colors suggest that chaotic is not always a mess, and that chaos
and order are two sides of the same coin. It encourages us to embrace the complexity and ambiguity of human existence,
recognizing that we are all connected and that our interpretations of reality are continually changing.